Add 3.26 release blog post (#2776)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2021/release-3.26.md

---
title: "Sourcegraph 3.26 release"
publishDate: 2021-03-20T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph 3.26 is released."
tags: [blog, release]
slug: "release/3.26"
published: true
changelogItems:

> # Unreleased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Unreleased
description: From 3.27 onwards Postgres 12 will be considered a minimum requirement for Sourcegraph to run.
url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/postgres#version-requirements
category: Admin
```

---
title: "Sourcegraph 3.26 release"
publishDate: 2021-03-20T10:00-07:00
description: "Sourcegraph 3.26 is released."
tags: [blog, release]
slug: "release/3.26"
published: true
changelogItems:

>   - description: "Campaigns has been renamed to Batch Changes. If you were already using it under the previous name (campaigns), backwards compatibility has been preserved. See #18771 for a detailed log on what has been renamed."

Author: ```suggestion
  - description: "Campaigns has been renamed to Batch Changes. Backward compatibility has been preserved for folks using it in previous releases. See #18771 for details."
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/18771
    category: Batch Changes

>   - description: "From 3.27 onwards, Postgres 12 will be considered a minimum requirement for Sourcegraph to run."

Author: ```suggestion
  - description: "Upcoming requirement: Starting in the next release, Sourcegraph 3.27 scheduled for April 20th, Postgres 12 will be considered a minimum requirement for Sourcegraph to run."
```

    url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/postgres
    category: Admin

>   - description: "Control where code insights are displayed through the boolean settings `insights.displayLocation.homepage`, `insights.displayLocation.insightsPage` and `insights.displayLocation.directory`."

Author: ```suggestion
  - description: "You can now customize the location of your code insights using new boolean settings. Options include the home page, insights page, and directory pages."
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18979
    category: Code Insights

>      - description: Users can now create changesets in batch changes on repositories that are cloned using SSH.
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16888
>     category: Batch Changes

Author: Drop this one? (seems like there are a lot of items in this release)

```suggestion
```

  - description: Code monitoring is now available by default for all Enterprise customers.
    url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_monitoring
    category: Code Monitoring
  - description: "Sourcegraph is now built with Go 1.16."
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18447
    category: Admin

>   - description: "Syntax highlighting for Elixir, Elm, REG, Julia, Move, Nix, Puppet, VimL, and Coq is now supported."

Author: ```suggestion
  - description: "Syntax highlighting added for 9 additional languages: Elixir, Elm, REG, Julia, Move, Nix, Puppet, VimL, and Coq."
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/19282
    category:

>   - description: "New query field `select` enables you to specify the result type from the set of search results."
>     url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/reference/language#select
>     category: Search

Author: Duplicate of another item below

```suggestion
```

>   - description: "Precision class indicators have been improved for code intelligence results in both the hover overlay as well as the definition and references locations panel."

Author: ```suggestion
  - description: "Code intelligence results now have clearer precision indicators (i.e. semantic vs. search-based) in both the hover overlay and definition and references panel."
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18843
    category: Code Intelligence

> - description: Searches are streamed into Sourcegraph by default.

Author: This needs better wording but I'm struggling with an improvement. What this means is that search results will now more progressively load into the UI, resulting in an experience that feels faster (because initial results are shown sooner while the backend continues to search). 

Fix indentation:
```suggestion
  - description: Searches are streamed into Sourcegraph by default.
```

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/19300
    category: Search

>   - description: Opsgenie API keys can now be added via an environment variable.
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18662
>     category:

Author: Remove.

```suggestion
```

>   - description: "New query field `select` enables returning only results of the desired type. See [documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/reference/language#select) for details."
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/19236
>     category: Search

Author: No links in description.

```suggestion
  - description: "New query field `select` enables returning only results of the desired type."
    url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/reference/language#select
    category: Search
```

>   - description: "A repository's `remote.origin.url` is not stored on gitserver disk anymore. Note: if you use the experimental feature `customGitFetch` your setting may need to be updated to specify the remote URL."
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18535
>     category: Repositories
>   - description: Repositories and files containing spaces will now render with escaped spaces in the query bar rather than being
>     url:
>     category: Repositories
>   - description: "Cursor hover information in the search query bar will now display after 150ms (previously 0ms)."
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18916
>     category: Search
>   - description: "The `repo.cloned` column is deprecated in favour of `gitserver_repos.clone_status`. It will be removed in a subsequent release."
>     url:
>     category: Repositories
>   - description: Auto complete suggestions for repositories and files containing spaces will now be automatically escaped when accepting the suggestion.
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/18635
>     category: Repositories
>   - description: Closing a batch change now correctly closes the entailed changesets, when requested by the user.
>     url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/18957
>     category: Batch Changes

Author: Remove

```suggestion
```
